Create OS_INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md (#6)
vuestorefront-community/.github: profile/OS_INTEGRATION_GUIDE.md

We would love to highlight every integration meeting our quality standards and promote it so your company is recognized as one of the leading solution integrators for Vue Storefront.

However, to promote your integration and list it as our recommended solution for a given platform, we need to ensure that it meets our high standards and that the community will have a positive experience using it. We divided our requirements into three sections to better illustrate and emphasize our definition of high quality.

Before we jump into the requirements, we want to highlight that not all requirements are set in stone, and we are happy to discuss them if you have any concerns. You can also count on our continued support in all of these areas, especially if you don’t have prior experience with some of them.

By committing to the standards and becoming our Open Source partner your company is becoming an official Vue Storefront Integration Maintainer. This comes with perks that will bring more recognition to your company and ensure good communication between you and us:

- Your company will be listed as Open Source partner on our website

> - The integration will be listed on our website and documentation
> - On the first page of documentation and GitHub repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your company logo will be visible at the top of integration GitHub repository and documentation to ensure everyone knows you're a maintainer
- The integration will be listed on our website and documentation
- You will be invited to the monthly VSF contributors meeting with VSF co-founder Filip Rakowski and be the first one to know about upcoming changes and have influence on them as a stakeholder.
```
